feat: Offer --cache option to control cache mode (Incremental Build) (#1368)
SAP/ui5-tooling: internal/documentation/docs/updates/migrate-v5.md

Projects using older **Specification Versions** are expected to be **fully compatible with UI5 CLI v5**.

## Rename of Command Option

> With Specification Version 5.0, the option `--cache-mode` (for commands `ui5 build` and `ui5 serve`) has been renamed to `--snapshot-cache`.

Reviewer: its not the specification version. It is UI5 CLI v5.

```suggestion
With UI5 CLIv v5, the option `--cache-mode` (for commands `ui5 build` and `ui5 serve`) has been renamed to `--snapshot-cache`.
```

> The behavior remains the same. When `--cache-mode` is used, a deprecation warning is logged and `--snapshot-cache` is set to `Default`.

Reviewer 2: > and `--snapshot-cache` is set to `Default`.

This is misleading imho, if `--cache-mode` is used, the provided value is still taken into account (`Default` is overridden)

Author: Done in db051ab ? @KlattG

> When legacy `--cache-mode` is used, the behavior remains the same but a deprecation warning is logged. When both `--snapshot-cache` and `--cache-mode` are used, successor `--snapshot-cache` always gets priority.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When legacy `--cache-mode` is used, the behavior remains the same but a deprecation warning is logged. When both `--snapshot-cache` and `--cache-mode` are used, the `--snapshot-cache` flag always gets priority.
```
